Just your home condition
How dare you marry a second daughter-in-law?
Oh my sister
In your home situation
As expected of a swollen face
How dare you hold a wedding in this place
I'm not trying to make a gift from the wedding, am I?
It took Wushuang ten years to come back
In time for this wedding
That's a big deal. Ouch.
How dare you make a big deal about marrying a second wife?
My son is not married yet.
Although my cousin's family is poor
But it's kind of deceiving
How could a woman be willing to marry him?
Oh, my cousin's girlfriend is so beautiful!
How much gift does such a beautiful girl get?
Bride price?
We didn't give the bride price.